Satisfy doesn't support extension methods #1688 (#1696)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Prevent exceptions when asserting on `ImmutableArray<T>` - [#1668](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1668)
* `At` now retains the `DateTimeKind` and keeps sub-second precision when using a `TimeSpan` - [#1687](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1687).
* Removed iteration over enumerable when generating the `BeEmpty` assertion failure message - [#1692](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1692).

> * Enable support for extension methods in `Satisfy` - [#1696](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1696)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent `ArgumentNullException` when formatting a lambda expression containing an extension method - [#1696](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1696)
```
